Update tab-view.md (#209)
nativescript-vue/nativescript-vue.org: content/docs/en/elements/components/tab-view.md

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|

> | `selectedIndexChange` | Emitted when one of the `<TabViewItem>` components was tapped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `selectedIndexChange` | Emitted when one of the `<TabViewItem>` component is tapped.
```
